# Points you need to know before the Trading bell
1. NIFTY futures is trading above 15350 levels. Dow Jones closed below 32500 and futures trading slightly positive above 32500.
2. WTI Crude and Brent Crude December futures at 65.76 & 69.56 $ respectively. 
3. Key of levels of Nifty: we expect Nifty to open near 15300 levels, key supports at 15110 and 15047, key resistances at 15229 and 15282.
4. Key levels of bank nifty: bank nifty key supports at 35742 and 35547, key resistances at 36155 and 36372.
5. Most number of call options at 16000 strike and most number of put options at 14500 strike.
6. USD at 72.91 INR, down by 1 paisa
7. Global triggers: UK GDP, UK Industrial Production, UK Manufacturing Production, UK Trade Balance, German CPI, EU Industrial Production, India CPI, US PPI, UK NIESR Monthly GDP Tracker, US Baker Hughes Oil Rig Count
8. Results today: BF Utilities, Chromatic India Ltd., Concrete Infra & Media Limited.

NIFTY to open gap up near 15300 levels i.e. above the second key resistance for the day i.e. 15282. US markets rallied on the progress of the covid relief bill. 

Stocks to watch:
1. Prestige Estates Projects | The company has completed phase 1 of proposed transaction with Blackstone Group. Phase 1 of the transaction included sale of twelve assets/undertakings comprising of completed retail, office and hotel assets. The enterprise value forming part of phase 1 is approximately Rs 7,467 crore out of the total enterprise value of approximately Rs 9,160 crore. Phase 2 of the transaction is expected to get completed by the end of next quarter.
2. IDBI Bank | The bank has been taken out of Prompt Corrective Action Framework by the RBI. The bank has provided a written commitment that it would comply with the norms of minimum regulatory capital, net NPA and leverage ratio on an ongoing basis.
3. Pricol | ICRA revised rating on company's long term - fund based and term loan to BBB from BB+, with Stable outlook.
4. NBCC India | The company received contracts for construction of cooling tower (NDCT) CT-1, 3 and 5 for Yadadri Thermal Power Station, (5x800 MW) owned by Telangana State Power Generation Corporation.
5. Spandana Sphoorty Financial | The company has approved the investment of upto Rs 50 crore in subsidiary Criss Financial Holdings, in one or more tranches.
6. JSW Steel | The crude steel production in February 2021 declined to 13.06 lakh tonnes from 13.20 lakh tonnes in same month last year. The average capacity utilisation was 93 percent during February 2021.
7. Remsons Industries | The company has transferred and disposed off its entire holding in its wholly owned subsidiary Remsons UK.
8. JK Tyre & Industries | CARE has revised outlook on company's long term bank facilities to stable from negative and retained rating at A-.
9. Pioneer Embroideries | There has been upgrade in company's credit rating to 'CARE BB/Stable' from 'CARE B- Stable', on account of an improvement in the revenue and profitability margins generated by the company along with significant debt repayment, leading to improvement in capital structure and debt coverage metrics.
10. Max Healthcare Institute | The company raised Rs 1,200 crore through qualified institutions placement (QIP) route.
11. PG Electroplast | The company has entered into an agreement to acquire/purchase all leasehold interests and rights to an industrial land/plot measuring 10 acres adjacent to the company's manufacturing facility situated at Supa Parner MIDC, Ahmednagar, Maharashtra at a tentative cost of Rs 9.5 crore.
12. SP Apparels | ICRA has re-affirmed its ratings and the outlook has been upgraded to stable.
13. HIL | The company has commercialised Birla Aerocon Flat Board production, at Faridabad plant, Haryana. This augmented company's established presence in the building solutions segment.
14. AstraZeneca Pharma India | The company has received import and market permission in form CT-20 (subsequent new drug approval) from the Drugs Controller General of India for Osimertinib 40mg/80mg film coated tablets (TagrissoTM). The receipt of this permission paves way for the launch of Osimertinib 40mg/80mg film coated tablets into a new disease area in India.
15. Quick Heal Technologies | The company announced buyback of 63,26,530 equity shares, being 9.85 percent of the total paid up equity, for upto Rs 1,550 crore, at a price of Rs 245 per share.
16. India Glycols | The company has formed JV with Clariant for IGL Green Chemicals. Clariant will hold 51 percent and the company 49 percent in IGL Green Chemicals.
17. Infosys | Newmont Corp has renewed digital transformation deal with the company for five years.
18. Ajanta Pharma | The company received US FDA nod for diabetes drug Metformin Hydrochloride.
