# Points you need to know before the Trading bell
1. NIFTY futures is trading near 14750 levels. Dow Jones closed above 33100 and futures trading flat near 33000 levels.
2. WTI Crude and Brent Crude December futures at 61.44 & 64.72 $ respectively. 
3. Key of levels of Nifty: we expect Nifty to above 14650 levels, key supports at 14423 and 14339, key resistances at 14582 and 14657.
4. Key levels of bank nifty: bank nifty key supports at 33119 and 32920, key resistances at 33564 and 33809.
5. Most number of call options at 15000 strike and most number of put options at 14000 strike.
6. USD at 72.51 INR, down by 11 paisa.
7. Global triggers: Japan retail sales, German CPI
8. Results today: Niraj Cement Structurals, BIL Energy Systems, Modern Threads

NIFTY to open flat above 14650 levels i.e. near the second key resistance for the day. Markets are looking weak owing to lockdown measures implemented in many parts of the country.

Stocks to watch:
1. Mukand: Mukand completed the transfer of approximately 55 acres of surplus leasehold land at Thane to NTT Global Data Centers Nav2 fo Rs 801.51 crore which will be utilised for debt repayment. The company will complete the second and final tranche of sale of shares approximately Rs 500 crore in the joint venture, Mukand Sumi Special Steel to Jamnalal Sons in April. As a result, the total finance cost have reduced substantially and is expected to be further brought down in the coming years.
2. Minda Industries: The board of Minda Industries, the flagship company of UNO Minda Group, approved the expansion plans in its two businesses i.e. Four Wheel (4W) Lighting and 4W Alloy Wheel, considering the improved market scenario and increased demand, wherein the said businesses have been operating at near capacity.
3. Adani Transmission: Adani Transmission has signed definitive agreements with Essel Infraprojects for acquisition of Warora-Kurnool Transmission (WKTL). As per the agreement, WKTL will develop, operate, and maintain transmission lines aggregating to around 1,750 ckt km. The two significant, 765 kV inter-state transmission lines link Warora to Warangal and Chilakaluripeta to Kurnool via Hyderabad, with a new 765/400 kV sub-station at Warangal, which shall be built & operated as a part of the agreement.
4. Vascon Engineers: Vascon Engineers has received letter of acceptance amounting to Rs 515.63 crore from Uttar Pradesh Public Works Department for establishment of new medical colleges. The work has to be completed within 18 months from the date of receipt of letter of acceptance.
5. Lumax Industries: Lumax Industries approved capital expenditure amounting up to Rs 80 crore for setting up of new manufacturing unit(s) in Sanand, Gujarat to cater to the orders received from MG Motors and other customers. The total capex will be funded by mix of debt and internal accruals and peak annualized turnover is expected to be approximately Rs 150 crore post commissioning. The project is expected to be operational by Q3 FY22.
6. JSW Steel: Implements resolution plan for Bhushan Power & Steel. A sum of Rs 8,614 crore was arranged in a wholly-owned subsidiary through a mix of equity, optionally convertible instruments to JSW Steel and JSW Shiping & Logistics Pvt. Ltd. and the debt availed by PSL funds.
7. JSW Energy: Board has approved a proposal for issuance of green bonds by JSW Hydro Energy, the company's material subsidiary, for raising $750 million from international markets. The funds will be raised through issuance of non-convertible, senior, secured, fixed rate green bonds in the international markets, subject to market conditions and receipt of necessary approvals by JSWHEL.
8. Biocon: Partners with Libbs Farmaceutica to launch generic formulations in Brazil. As part of the out-licensing deal, Biocon will be responsible for drug development and manufacturing while Libbs will leverage its deep expertise and reach in Brazil to import, distribute and market, subject to approval from the country's regulatory agency.
9. HPCL: Entered into a Share Purchase Agreement for acquisition of shares of HPCL Shapoorji Energy Pvt. Ltd., an associate unlisted company of HPCL from SP Ports Pvt. Ltd., a JV partner. The consideration for the transaction will be paid in cash and is expected to be completed by March 31, 2021. HPCL Shapoorji Energy is in the process of setting and development of 5 MMTPA LNG storage and regasification terminal at Chhara in Gujarat.
10. India Grid Trust: Has completed acquisition of 49% paid-up capital and management control of the NER II Transmission from Sterlite Grid 4 at the cost of Rs 4,625 crore. The remaining stake will be acquired in one or more tranches. The acquisition has increased IndiGrid's AUM by ~34% to Rs 20,000 crore. The acquisition has also added Rs 40-45 crore per annum to the net distributable cash flow.
11. Mazagon Dock: The company’s order book stood at Rs 50,705 crore as of January 31, 2021. Further the company has won order for repair of two Indian Coast Guard Fast Patrol vessels namely ICGS Achook and ICGS SB Phule. The repair order is worth around Rs 7 crore.
12. Bliss GVS Pharma: High Court of Justice, Ghana has granted ex-parte interim relief to the company in a commercial suit for infringement of intellectual property rights and the Registrar has been ordered to seize the infringing products.
13. Shriram City Union Finance: Board has declared second interim dividend of Rs 10 for FY21. The record date for the same is April 7.
14. PNC Infratech: Has approved divestment of its entire stake of 35% in Ghaziabad Aligarh Expressway, an associate of the company to Cube Highways and Infrastructure PTE.
15. South Indian Bank: The RBI has given final approval for setting up of Wholly-Owned Non-Financial Subsidiary for undertaking activities permitted by the central bank.
16. NBCC: Has awarded the work for redevelopment of Netaji Nagar in New Delhi on an EPC basis including operation and maintenance to NKG Infra for at Rs 1,356 crore.
